Iris onto master (#485)
aeternity/protocol: serializations.md

The content of the contract store depends on [the ABI and the VM version](/contracts/contract_vms.md).

> From FATE VM version 2 stored code is the same as from the coresponding contract create operation. FATE VM version 1 contracts are stored without init function. Only way to check init function of a FATE v1 deployed contract is to look at the Contract create transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From FATE VM version 2, stored code is the same as from the corresponding contract create operation. FATE VM version 1 contracts are stored without an `init` function. The only way to check the `init` function of a FATE v1 deployed contract is to look at the Contract create transaction.
```

Reviewer 2: We could use some CI with aspell :persevere:
